Welcome back.
So we've made it through our first couple of flex bikes properties.
I know there's a lot of them and going through one at a time.
It's maybe not the most exciting thing.
So I'm trying to break it up with a quick little exercise here.
We'll make something that might actually be useful or at least a little component that will be useful
later on.
So what we're going to do is do an exercise but because it's very early and if you're brand new to flex
Xbox this might be a bit intimidating.
I'm going to give some optional hints at the end of this video.
So introduce what it looks like.
Show you the starter code show you the end result and then you can pause the video and do the exercise.
Or you could look at the hints if you want a little extra assistance.
I'd definitely recommend you try it without the hints.
And then if you need them look at the end of the video and then as always in the next video I'll have
a solution.
So what do you make.
It's going to be a sidebar on the left side of a web page.
Here is the starter code.
This is not the finished product.
We have a couple of five different things links that are up at the top left and you'll use fluxbox to
arrange them in a nicer way.
So they look like this.
So very simple.
Like I said just a couple of lines of flex block CSSA you'll need to do three items on top two on the
bottom.
And along with that I'll show you the working code.
Here it is.
It's also as I scroll down you'll see things adjust.
And then what do you know something happens.
How do we do that.
Well there's a property in fluxbox.
So doing this without Fluxbox is doable but if you know how to do that just put that aside and do it
with fluxbox because it's much easier and much faster.
OK so that if you feel like you're good to go Here's a starter code.
This is what it looks like.
We've got a div that has everything inside of it with a class called sidebar.
And then we have two divs the class called Section and instead of those We've got three items and two
items.
So don't change edged him out unless you want to style unless you want to add something to make it even
harder or you want to update the text or something to suit your needs.
All you need to do is come over here and update some of the styles.
I will add a quick note that fluxbox on its own will get you very close but you'll need something to
add some space here.
If you care about that to make it a little nicer using some other non flex box properties.
But that's not really the point of this.
OK.
So if you're ready to go give it a shot.
Open up.
This started code and try it out.
If you do want some hints here we go positivity if you don't want them really just one hint here.
Just to show you how this actually breaks down.
So this is the item you'll make the flex container.
So this section this div that houses everything.
It's a flex container.
And then inside of it there are just two items this top one and this bottom div and the key has to do
with how they're arranged.
So a lot of times people have trouble thinking about this in terms or a lot of times people have trouble
with flex blocks early on thinking in terms of columns versus rows because rows are I guess easier to
wrap your head around to conceptualize.
But this needs to be a column.
And if you think about it that way if this is the main axis we have this space and it's being shared
evenly or split evenly between these two between.
That's the end the space between these two items.
And then the last thing I'll say is that if you want to add some space here you can just use padding
or margin if you want it to do that.
And then to get the wrapping to work this part right here kind of gave the hint.
There's another property you can use.
OK.
So give that a shot in the next video.
I'll have a solution.